Xsoar mirroring date bug (#31071)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/ReleaseNotes/2_0_21.md

#### Integrations

##### XSOAR Mirroring

> - Fixed an issue in **fetch-incident** when incident create time not in UTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **fetch-incidents** where non-UTC creation times were not handled correctly.
```
